Add new Tips and Tricks blogpost (#555)
temporalio/documentation: blog/2021-07-30-temporal-tips-tricks-1.md

---
tags:
  - Temporal
  - productivity
  - tips
posted_on_: 2021-07-30T00:00:09Z
slug: temporal-tips-tricks-1
title: 'Tips and Tricks for Temporal Developer Productivity'
author: swyx
author_title: Head of Developer Experience
author_image_url: https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/6764957?v=4
release_version: V1.11.2
---

<!--truncate-->

> Discussions about Temporal often get into very high minded distributed systems debates, but sometimes it can be helpful to swap small tips that can have a huge impact on developer productivity!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Discussions about Temporal often get into very high-minded distributed systems debates, but sometimes it can be helpful to swap small tips that can have a huge impact on developer productivity!
```

Reviewer: otherwise sounds like your mind is "high" ;)

## Stack Trace

One of the lesser known but extremely useful features of [Temporal Web](https://docs.temporal.io/docs/system-tools/web-ui#viewing-stack-traces-on-temporal-web) is the ability to view stack traces.

![https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/secure.notion-static.com/be6f3198-a73c-46f6-84ef-8623b12be710/Untitled.png](https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/secure.notion-static.com/be6f3198-a73c-46f6-84ef-8623b12be710/Untitled.png)

This helps greatly with debugging and understanding how Temporal deals with asynchronous work and is able to resume workflows on a different machine.

## Event History

You can export the event history via `[tctl](https://docs.temporal.io/docs/system-tools/tctl#show-workflow-history)` or the [Web UI](https://docs.temporal.io/docs/system-tools/web-ui#execution-histories-on-temporal-web):

```bash
tctl workflow show \
  -w myWorkflowId \
  -r 866ae14c-88cf-4f1e-980f-571e031d71b0
```

> This is not just good for recordkeeping, but also great for migrating Workflows to new versions *while* they are still running!

Reviewer 2: What does this have to do with new versions?

Author: ```suggestion
This is not just good for recordkeeping, but also great for taking a failing production workflow and debug it locally, exactly as it was executed.
```

import { ResponsivePlayer } from '../src/components'

<ResponsivePlayer url='https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kkP899WxgzY' />

> Before a migration, you can [replay event histories in a test](https://github.com/tsurdilo/temporal-versioning-go/blob/033e04a75049c4bea79908e0619332360c3cddc3/tests/replay_test.go), to verify that you have written backward compatible code:

Reviewer 2: I think this is not the core value. The core value is that you can take a failing production workflow and debug it locally exactly as it was executed.
